chore(readme): add warning about verbosity level (#36)
althonos/ffpb: README.rst

of validation. So if you know how to use the FFmpeg CLI, you know how to use
``ffpb`` !

> A word of warning though : if you mess with ``ffmpeg``'s verbosity level
> (for example by adding ``-v warning`` to your command), ``ffpb`` will not be able to
> display progress !
> 

Author: ```suggestion

Warning : ``ffpb`` works by parsing the text output from ``ffmpeg``, comparing the number
of processed frames with the total number of frames in the video. If you mess with 
``ffmpeg``'s verbosity level (for example by adding ``-v warning`` to your command), ``ffpb`` 
will not be able to display anything.

```
